add clarification about jinja vs sql comments (#7059)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref.md

**Note:** The `project_or_package` should match the `name` of the project/package, as defined in its `dbt_project.yml`. This might be different from the name of the repository. It never includes the repository's organization name. For example, if you use the [`fivetran/stripe`](https://hub.getdbt.com/fivetran/stripe/latest/) package, the package name is `stripe`, not `fivetran/stripe`.

### Forcing dependencies

> In normal usage, dbt knows the proper order to run all models based on the usage of the `ref` function. There are cases though where dbt doesn't know when a model should be run. For example, when a model only references a macro:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In normal usage, dbt knows the proper order to run all models based on the use of the `ref` function. There are some cases where dbt doesn't know when a model should be run. For example, when a model only references a macro:
```

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Just changed this sentence around a tad.

Kind Regards
Natalie

select * from {{ source('raw', 'orders') }}
{% endif %}
```

> Note that to ensure dbt understands the dependency, use a SQL comment instead of a Jinja comment. Jinja comments (`{# ... #}`) _don't_ work and are ignored by dbt's parser, meaning `ref` is never processed and resolved. SQL comments, however, (`--` or `/* ... */`) _do_ work because dbt still evaluates Jinja inside SQL comments.

Author: ```suggestion
:::tip
To ensure dbt understands the dependency, use a SQL comment instead of a Jinja comment. Jinja comments (`{# ... #}`) _don't_ work and are ignored by dbt's parser, meaning `ref` is never processed and resolved. SQL comments, however, (`--` or `/* ... */`) _do_ work because dbt still evaluates Jinja inside SQL comments.
:::
```
